doc: SUIT How to fetch payloads guide fixes for 2.8.0 (#17933)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/app_dev/device_guides/working_with_nrf/nrf54h/ug_nrf54h20_suit_fetch.rst

> In the Software Updates for Internet of Things (SUIT), it is possible for a device to obtain a new firmware in two ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Software Updates for Internet of Things (SUIT), a device can obtain new firmware in two ways:
```

> 1. The push model - where all necessary candidate images are uploaded to the device along with the envelope before triggering the envelope processing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Using the push model - where all necessary candidate images are uploaded to the device along with the envelope before triggering the envelope processing.
```

> #. The fetch model - where not all of the required payloads are uploaded to the device before triggering the envelope processing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Using the fetch model - where not all the required payloads are uploaded to the device before triggering the envelope processing.
```

The fetch model, on the other hand, requires the SUIT processor to be built into the application firmware in order to execute the ``suit-payload-fetch`` sequence.
You can enable this by using the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SUIT_DFU_CANDIDATE_PROCESSING_FULL` Kconfig option.

> In both models the SUIT envelope must be stored in a continuous memory region in the MCU's non-volatile storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In both models, the SUIT envelope must be stored in a continuous memory region in the MCU's non-volatile storage.
```

> Some or all candidate images can be stored in separate memory regions from the envelope, or on a completely different storage device altogether.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some or all candidate images can be stored either in separate memory regions from the envelope or on a completely different storage device.
```

> In the push model all of the candidate images have to be uploaded to the device before the envelope processing starts.
> In the fetch model, the device can fetch the candidate images after the envelope processing has started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the push model, all candidate images must be uploaded to the device before the envelope processing starts.
In the fetch model, the device can fetch the candidate images after the envelope processing has started.
```
